1. Explore all the ways of writing CSS.

Ways of writing CSS-

- Inline Styles
  - This involves adding CSS directly to HTML elements using the style attribute.
- Internal CSS
  - Placing CSS within the <style> tags within the HTML <head>. This approach keeps the CSS in the same HTML file, but still separates it from the content.
- External CSS
  - Creating a separate .css file and linking it to the HTML document using the <link> tag.
- CSS Modules
  - This is a technique used in React projects where each component's CSS is scoped to that component, reducing the risk of style conflicts. It involves naming CSS classes in a way that generates unique class names.
- PostCSS
  - A tool that transforms CSS with JavaScript plugins, allowing you to do things like autoprefixing, minification, and more. It can enhance your development workflow by automating certain tasks.
- SASS (Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets)
  - Sass (Syntactically Awesome StyleSheets) is a scripting language that extends the capabilities of CSS. It introduces features like variables, nesting, mixins, and more, which can help you write more organized and maintainable stylesheets
- SCSS (Sassy Cascading Style Sheets)
  - SCSS is a superset of CSS that uses the same syntax as CSS but includes all the features of Sass. This means you can gradually introduce Sass/SCSS into your existing projects without making drastic changes.
- Styled Components
  - Styled Components is a popular CSS-in-JS library that allows you to define components with styled templates using tagged template literals. Each component's styles are scoped to that component, reducing global style conflicts. Styled Components integrates seamlessly with React and provides dynamic styling capabilities.
- Using some library or frameworks such as Material UI, Bootstrap, Ant Design, Chakra UI, Tailwind CSS

2. How do we configure `tailwind`?

- Create your project.
- Install tailwind css into your project by using the command
  - npm install -D tailwindcss postcss
  - npx tailwindcss init
  - npx tailwindcss init creates a tailwind.config.js file.
- Configure PostCSS
  - Create a file named .postcssrc in your project root and enable the tailwindcss plugin
- Configure your template paths
  - Add the paths to all of your template files in your tailwind.config.js file.
- Add the Tailwind directives to your CSS(in index.css).
- Start your build process.
- Start using Tailwind in your project.

3. In `tailwind.config.js`, what does all the keys mean (`content,theme,extend,plugins`)?

- Content - The content section is where you configure the paths to all of your HTML templates, JS components, and any other files that contain Tailwind class names.
- Theme - The theme section is where you define your color palette, fonts, type scale, border sizes, breakpoints — anything related to the visual design of your site.
- Extend - If you’d like to preserve the default values for a theme option but also add new values, add your extensions under the extend key in the theme section of your configuration file (to enable extending the default theme).
- Plugins - The plugins section allows you to register plugins with Tailwind that can be used to generate extra utilities, components, base styles, or custom variants.

4. Why do we have `.postcssrc` file?

PostCSS is a tool for transforming css with javascript.It works with plugins, so it's easy to perform the tailwindcss processing steps by using tailwindcss postcss plugin.
It is a javascript tool that transform your css into abstract syntax tree (AST) then provides an API for analyzing and modifying it using javascript plugins.
