1. What is the difference between `named export`, `default export` and \* as export?

`Named exports` - With named exports one can have multiple named exports per file. We can import them in curly braces. The name of imported module has to be same as the name of the exported module.

eg : export const IMG_URL = "lioey67g8";
export const API_KEY = "API548_09";

    import { IMG_URL, API_KEY } from "path";

`Default exports` - One can have only one default export per file.

eg : export default Component;
import Component from "path";

# _ as export - To import all the named exports we use _

eg : import \* as MainComponents from "path"
To use: MainComponents.Component1

2. What is the importance of `config.js` file?

config.js files are essentially editable text files that contain information required for the successful operation of a program. The files are structured in a particular way, formatted to be user configurable. Most of the computer programs we use: whether office suites, web browsers, even video games are configured via menu interfaces. Configuration files are very simple in structure. For instance, if you were to write an application, and the only thing it ever needed to know was its user's preferred name, then its one and only config file could contain exactly one word: the name of the user.
For example:
Ram
Usually, though, an application needs to keep track of more than just one piece of information, so configuration often uses a key and a value:
name='Ram'
surname='Shyam'

3. What are React `Hooks`?

Hooks are the functions that live inside React's functional components, that enable you to more easily grab and work with states as well as various lifecycle events. Note that these can only live in functional components.
React Hooks are just normal javascript utility functions. Two most commonly used hooks are useState() and useEffect().

- `useState`: To manage states. Returns a stateful value and an updater function to update it.
- `useEffect`: To manage side-effects like API calls, subscriptions, timers, mutations, and more.
- `useContext`: To return the current value for a context.
- `useReducer`: A useState alternative to help with complex state management.
- `useCallback`: It returns a memorized version of a callback to help a child component not re-render unnecessarily.
- `useMemo`: It returns a memoized value that helps in performance optimizations.
- `useRef`: It returns a ref object with a current property. The ref object is mutable. It is mainly used to access a child component imperatively.
- `useLayoutEffect`: It fires at the end of all DOM mutations. It's best to use useEffect as much as possible over this one as the useLayoutEffect fires synchronously.
- `useDebugValue`: Helps to display a label in React DevTools for custom hooks.

4. What is the use of `useState() Hook`?

## useState Hook adds a local state to a component. The hook returns two things

i] A value holding the current local state
ii] A function that allows you to update the local state.

A best practice for structuring these useState Hooks is to name the values that will be returned via array destructuring
eg : const [font, setFont] = useState("arial");
A state variable maintains the state of your component.
Whenever a state variable changes/updates the UI is re-rendered.
It keeps the data layer in sync with the UI layer.

we can write useState in different way because at the end it a array destructured things:

```javascript
 1. const [filteredRestaurants, setFilteredRestaurants] = useState(resList);

2.   const arrWork = useState(resList);

   const filteredRestaurants = arrWork[0];
   const setFilteredRestaurants = arrWork[1];

 3.    const arrWork2 = useState(resList);

  const [filteredRestaurants, setFilteredRestaurants] = arrWork2;

```

5. What is React `Reconciliation` or `React Fiber`?

- `Reconciliation` ↔ `Diffing Algorithm` ↔ `React Fiber`

- Reconciliation is a process which uses "diffing algorithm" to compare two virtual DOMs (initial and updated) to find the difference between the HTML elements/nodes and updates the actual DOM using "only the updated nodes".

- Behind the scene it actually compares two Javascript objects {👴} - {🧑}

- React Fiber : It is the new reconciliation algorithm in React, it was released in React 16.

- General way Reconciliation means: Reconciliation is a process of restoring or repairing relationships that have been damaged by conflict.

- in react: reconciliation is a way of restoring the state of a component after it has been changed by a user.

- Render: A "render" is when React calls your function to get React elements.

- Reconciliation: "Reconciliation" is when React compares those React elements with the previously rendered elements.

## https://github.com/acdlite/react-fiber-architecture

## https://atulkawasthi.medium.com/what-is-the-dom-virtual-dom-afea2de36a00

6. ✔ DOM (Document Object Model)

   ◼ It is the representation of HTML elements/nodes in tree format in the browser.

7. ✔ Virtual DOM

   ◼ It is the representation of actual DOM in memory.

   ◼ It is nothing but a Javascript object.

   ◼ It acts as middle layer between react components and actual DOM.

   ◽ React components ➖ Virtual DOM ➖ Actual DOM

   ◼ Virtual DOM is a old concept but React uses it effectively to make reconciliation process more powerful.
